# Introduction

Yet another dotfiles from yet another programmer.

This setup has a hard dependency on Ruby and Git and is particularly optimized
for OSX.

This is optimized for an heavy usage of vim, ruby, gem, git, bash & zsh and support 
some optionnal optimization for OSX, iterm2, ack, homebrew ...

I tried to freeze the less dependencies that I could in those dotfiles so that you
can upgrade a package and benefit improvements without having to update those
dotfiles. This means that most completion, utilities, ... are outsourced to the
related homebrew package, github project or rubygems and updated from it.

I also try not to be too opiniated, if you don't want to use something vi,
homebrew, bash, zsh ... just don't use it.

I don't own the copyright on some of the code, this is a patchwork of stuff I 
accumulated over time. I tried to use the structure of 
https://github.com/ryanb/dotfiles but the content itself differ.

The zsh part rely on the excellent https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh

The vim plugins are versioned through the excellent 
https://github.com/bronson/vim-update-bundles

# Installation:
    
You must have git, ruby and rake installed. If it's done then:

    git clone https://github.com/nel/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles && cd ~/.dotfiles &&
    rake

It won't delete your existing config, but will offer you to rename it.

Don't forget to reload your terminal or source the  ~/.bashrc and ~/.zshrc to
enjoy it.

# Global customizations (for bash & zsh)

## Iterm:

If you use iterm or iterm 2 on OSX you'll get tab and windows title customized

## Homebrew:

If homebrew is installed all path will be configured including manpage
If you install bash_completion package you'll get completion for some package
like ack and git

## Bindings

You can access ^R history search and navigate through the results by simply using
up/down once you start typing content in the shell.

If no content has been typed, up/down has its defaut behavior (navigate history)

# Bash

To get maximum completion including git, ack and system tools (ssh ...)
you are recommanded to install homebrew and do a brew install
bash_completion (should work with apt-get or macport too by the way, but
git completion has not been frozen in those dotfiles).
It will work without nevertheless but you'll miss some nice
customization like current git branch in prompt...

You can customize bash by adding a ~/.local_bash file, it will be easier for
you to maintain than hacking directly in the .bashrc.

# Zsh

The included .zshrc depends on oh-my-zsh https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh

To install it run:

    wget http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/raw/master/tools/install.sh -O - | sh

# Vim

If you intend to use the vim configuration, you must run vim-update-bundles to 
download all the dependencies:

    ~/bin/vim-update-bundles

It will download and configure all the plugins, just reload and your done

# Troubleshooting

Have you reload / source your environment dude ?
Do you have git, ruby and rake installed ?
Have you used all the dotfiles ?

In this case I am sorry, drop me a mail nel@w3fu.com

